Society needs to get a grip and here's
why remember how when you were a kid and
it was normal to experiment with moves
and like go upside down what happened
there adults just don't explore like
that anymore and it's unfortunate I'm
not saying you need to do what I'm doing
but when you're a baby you learn to roll
crawl stand walk and then run but then
you stop trying new stuff why humans are
far more capable than they really
realize they are and fitness doesn't
have to be any one thing just pick what
calls out to you it can even be as
simple as stretching which is my
favorite way of working out just don't
fall into the Trap of trying to be
perfect remember progress is enough in
fact you can never be perfect but you
can be better stay flexy